#378 Updated release notes for 2.0.1 (#379)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/release_notes.md

# Release Notes

## Version 2.0.1
2026-06-02

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a bug that was causing subframe evaluations to be treated as positive integer frame jumps. *AdonisFX-3193*.

Author: Another option in case we want to rephrase it:

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that was causing subframe evaluations to use the default frame timestep instead of the evaluated subframe timestep. *AdonisFX-3193*.
```
